README.md, before:

This repository hosts the [XMLHttpRequest Standard](https://xhr.spec.whatwg.org/).

### Code of conduct

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all. Please read and
respect the [WHATWG Code of Conduct](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Code_of_Conduct).

### Contribution opportunities

Folks notice minor and larger issues with the DOM Standard all the time and we'd love your help
fixing those. Pull requests for typographical and grammar errors are also most welcome.

We'd be happy to mentor you through this process. If you're interested and need help getting
started, leave a comment on the issue or ask around [on IRC](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/IRC).

### Pull requests

See the [whatwg/html README](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/README.md) for the general
guidelines. Note that `source` is `Overview.src.html` and "Acknowledgements" is "Acknowledgments"
here (I know). Also, the XMLHttpRequest Standard uses [Anolis](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Anolis)
to generate `Overview.html`. (Do not worry if using that tool is too complicated, your pull request
does not need to contain the generated HTML.)

### Tests

Tests can be found in the `XMLHttpRequest/` directory of the
[web-platform-tests repository](https://github.com/w3c/web-platform-tests).

Commit message:

Document merge policy in README

README.md, after:

This repository hosts the [XMLHttpRequest Standard](https://xhr.spec.whatwg.org/).

### Code of conduct

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming environment for all. Please read and
respect the [WHATWG Code of Conduct](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Code_of_Conduct).

### Contribution opportunities

Folks notice minor and larger issues with the DOM Standard all the time and we'd love your help
fixing those. Pull requests for typographical and grammar errors are also most welcome.

We'd be happy to mentor you through this process. If you're interested and need help getting
started, leave a comment on the issue or ask around [on IRC](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/IRC).

### Pull requests

See the [html repository's README](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/README.md) for the
general guidelines. Note that `source` is `Overview.src.html` and "Acknowledgements" is
"Acknowledgments" here (I know). Also, the XMLHttpRequest Standard uses
[Anolis](https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Anolis) to generate `Overview.html`. (Do not worry if using
that tool is too complicated, your pull request does not need to contain the generated HTML.)

### Merge policy

If you can commit to this repository, see the
[html repository's TEAM](https://github.com/whatwg/html/blob/master/TEAM.md) for guidelines.

### Tests

Tests can be found in the `XMLHttpRequest/` directory of the
[web-platform-tests repository](https://github.com/w3c/web-platform-tests).
